---
date: 2021-01-01
title: "void"
tags: ["words"]
author: "Huzaif"
hidesummary: true
draft: true
---
soncha hai kabhi jiske piche ho bhagte mil gya to kya kroge?

sonch bhi lia, par zindagi ki bhaag dood kai aage jake kya kroge?


This abyss of questioning reality like we all live in a state where reality keeps splitting without asking, do personal weaknesses/traumas shape us or do we curate our whole reality/identity around protecting them... \

He who says he questions the depth of his thoughts with all that meta cognition he has but how deep has he gone into his thoughts (replaced by next line)


What is the point of having meta cognition always running whithout being able to sit with a thought long enough to process it,
Fine line between madness and genius of the self descipline with excess perception



 Life is about living and doing that to its fullest yet he also ends up filling pages one after another of a journal that he never thought he would ever buy in the first place? Don't question what doesn't matter or it does? Who said it does not? Who told them, They don't question anything, Do they? Familairty is Safe but where did this familarity come from?


If he could turn himself into whatever he wants, why does he change consciously in the first place. Is he himself right now? Who is he? Who are we talking about in the first place? You read somewhere you end up becoming what you looked down on and that's how life humbles you? Now he looks back he sees he has distanced himself far from everyone one after another and yes maybe he outgrows things and people but what has he become, afraid of hurting another soul and accepting life as this journey of absurd avoiding all the meaningfullness yet once that's all he cared about. You question who you want to spend more time with and end up on solo rides with no destination, in your favourite quietude you relate more to the man who lost his mind,doesnt care what he says,wears,eats or does anything?


But hey do you remember watching god's crooked lines and also before all this somewhere along the way the kind of emotional intelligence you developed —one that lets you understand or we can say suspend judgment even about someone commiting a murder..but



Imagine Dionysian's chaos without Apollonian structure, same way death gives meaning to life \
Does madness justify 


"The desert grows woe to him, he who harbors deserts within" \
***-Thus spoke Zarathustra***


Lucidity breeds poison,

We all have read he who sees too much ends up fitting nowhere, \
yet end up in Dionysian chaos and it becomes the identity


but being able to see patterns